Docs: Add @PageColor to the customization guide (#691)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/customizing-the-appearance-of-your-documentation-pages.md

As a general rule, the default color properties provided by DocC assumes a
naming convention where "fill" colors are used for backgrounds and "figure"
colors are used for foreground colors, like text. Note that colors defined in 
`theme-settings.json` will be used across all pages of your documentation bundle.

> **Changing a color on for a specific article page**

Reviewer: Should this be a sub-sub heading that briefly describe the per-page customization? That could be a good place to talk about both `PageColor` and `PageImage` together.

You can also use a ``PageColor`` metadata directive to set the fill color for an

> intro section of a specific article:

Reviewer: The PageColor directive doesn't specifically set the fill color. It is an accent color that isn't associated to any specific on-page element. See [the PageColor documentation overview][1]. 

[1]: https://www.swift.org/documentation/docc/pagecolor#overview

```
# What's New in SlothCreator

@Metadata {
    @PageColor(blue)
}

...
```

> `@PageColor` only supports a subset of predefined color values: `blue`,
> `gray`, `green`, `orange`, `purple`, `red`, `yellow`.  

Reviewer: To avoid these getting out of sync, could we instead refer to the PageColor page? 

```suggestion
See ``PageColor`` for a list of the supported color values and additional details.
```
